feat(changelog): post 13 (#81)
deta/space-docs: src/pages/changelog/post-13.mdx

---
title: "Improved Publishing Flow and Unified Python Micros"
date: "12 Apr 2023"
layout: "@changelogs"
description: "You can now customize your app's Discovery page through with the Builder UI and we unified how to run Python Micros with other Micro engines."
---

import DetaHeart from '@/components/DetaHeart.astro'
import Image from '@/components/Image.astro'

## Improved Publishing Flow

> We've improved the process of publishing releases of your app to make it more clear on how publishing works, when to publish and how to publish as well as customizing your app's Discovery page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A lot of developers have been slightly confused with the concept of publishing an app on Deta Discovery. As a result, Discovery has been filled with apps that are not quite ready for public use. To fix this, we've reworked the publishing process. 
```

> The Space CLI will now ask for confirmation before creating your first release and it will prompt you to give your app a name and description if the `Discovery.md` file is missing. This will help improve the quality of app listings on Discovery and should encourage devs to include some basic information on what their app does:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New CLI Flow

The Space CLI will now do two things before you can release an app to Deta Discovery:
- ask for confirmation
- prompt you to give your app a name and description if the `Discovery.md` file is missing
```

<Image src="/changelog_assets/builder-new-release.png" alt="Publish Release Through Builder" width="90%" background />

Both flows were made possible because we moved the Discovery data from "revisions" to "releases". Consequently, you can now modify the Discovery data of your app and publish, without having to do `space push` or wait for a new build.

> **⚠️ Important Note:**
>
> For this to work we had to move the `app_name` from the `Spacefile` into the `Discovery.md` file. This means that you'll need to add the `app_name` to your `Discovery.md` file if you want to customize your app's name, otherwise it will default to the name of your project. For now we still support the `app_name` in the `Spacefile` for backwards compatibility, but we'll be removing it in the future.

We have even more improvements coming to publishing on Space very soon, so stay tuned!

> ## Unify How to Run Python Micros

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Revamped Python Micros
```
